This is my contribution to my Software Engineering group project.

I made a web crawler for both amazon and tmall.
As far as I could tell, tmall is China's Amazon.


Using Selenium, BeautifulSoup, and Requests, this script will collect all the available
name/price of the smartphones officially listed from Huawei, Xiaomi, LG, Samsung, and Apple on both tmall and amazon.
Afterwards, it will very nicely put it in an excel spreadsheet.

In order to run this script, first run the Makefile to install all the necessary libraries on to your python.
You must have pip installed for this along with python 3.X.
Furthermore, you must place the "chromedriver" file in the same directory as genericAmazonScraper.py and have google chrome installed.

All you have to do is run wrapper.py and you are done!

Every bit of code is meticulously documented, so it should be very easy to follow along.

I used two completely different methods to do web scraping for tmall and Amazon.
tmallscraper used the requests library exclusively and genericAmazonScraper used the selenium library exclusively.
I'd like to explain why I did so here.

First, it's to flex and show off. Selenium looks cool as hell during a demo since you can see everything.
Second, and most importantly, I had no choice.
Amazon blocks access from the requests library completely.
I don't know how they detect it, but I suspect it has something to do with cookies and javascript.
Therefore, I have to use selenium by process of elimination.

tmall, on the other hand, is the most inconvenient site I've ever tried to build a crawler for by far.
I admit that a big part of it is because it's all in Chinese, and I can't read chinese.
That alone made programming a crawler a living nightmare since I had no idea what any of this was saying.
Another big part is that its servers are on the other side of the planet. This makes things super slow.
Luckily, they didn't block the requests library so that was a huge relief. In my earlier commits, I tried using selenium
here too. The pages took forever to load and it kept crashing, so I was forced to use something else.

However, another big part that I cannot dismiss is that the site is just shitty.
It's just not clean. Everything is so cluttered and unpleasant to look at.
Furthermore, there aren't many patterns to the html structure which makes me suspect that it's a poorly designed site.
Well-designed sites have a pretty HTML tree.
tmall's HTML tree looks like a Womping Willow that barely survived a nuclear fallout by comparison.

Enjoy, and please don't make me look at this stuff again. It works perfectly after meticulous testing and I completely
refuse to do a single iota of more work.

Goodnight,
Phillip

